---
layout: post
title: Platform Engineering at Bloomberg
tags: Chef, DevOps, Bloomberg, Infrastructure, Career
---
About two years ago, with a few others, I embarked on a journey to
start a web operations team at Bloomberg. This stemmed from, at the
time, the obvious need for a cohesive vision for the design and
administration of infrastructure web services; furthermore, Bloomberg
simply needed to automate a whole heck of a lot of manual processes
surrounding launching a web service.

Up until a little over a year ago this effort was a skunkworks
operation, but the proof is in the pudding, and in March 2014 I was
given a tiger team of engineers to "automate all the things" for
Bloomberg's web infrastructure. In only a few months time this team
was able to make an amazing impact in areas of configuration
management and internal software package deployments.

Earlier this year I was given another amazing opportunity to build out
Bloomberg's Platform Engineering team. This new team is primarily
responsible for the design, maintenance and administration of
Bloomberg's configuration management infrastructure. This a core bit
of infrastructure which is being used to automate our cloud compute
environments. That is an intentionally vague mission statement, and it
is meant to cover the lifecycle of infrastructure and system
deployment.

Over the course of the next few months the Chef community will begin
to see the fruits of our labor in the form of some solid cookbooks for
buliding reusable infrastructure. We plan to talk about our successes,
and failures, implementing Chef at the scale of Bloomberg's
infrastructure.
